The Romance of Lust


 (1873)


 A classic Victorian erotic novel


 1892 edition


 by Anonymous




 Contents

VOLUME I

VOLUME II

VOLUME III

VOLUME IV



VOLUME I.


CONTENTS


The Novice—Mrs. Benson—Mary—Mrs. Benson’s Correspondence with Mrs.
Egerton—Miss Evelyn—Eliza

There were three of us—Mary, Eliza, and myself. I was approaching
fifteen, Mary was about a year younger, and Eliza between twelve and
thirteen years of age. Mamma treated us all as children, and was blind
to the fact that I was no longer what I had been. Although not tall for
my age, nor outwardly presenting a manly appearance, my passions were
awakening, and the distinctive feature of my sex, although in repose it
looked magnificent enough, was very sufficiently developed when under
the influence of feminine excitement.

As yet, I had absolutely no knowledge of the uses of the different
organs of sex. My sisters and I all slept in the same room. They
together in one bed, I alone in another. When no one was present, we had
often mutually examined the different formations of our sexes.

We had discovered that mutual handlings gave a certain amount of
pleasing sensation; and, latterly, my eldest sister had discovered that
the hooding and unhooding of my doodle, as she called it, instantly
caused it to swell up and stiffen as hard as a piece of wood. My feeling
of her little pinky slit gave rise in her to nice sensations, but on the
slightest attempt to insert even my finger, the pain was too great. We
had made so little progress in the _attouchements_ that not the
slightest inkling of what could be done in that way dawned upon us. I
had begun to develop a slight growth of moss-like curls round the root
of my cock; and then, to our surprise, Mary began to show a similar
tendency. As yet, Eliza was as bald as her hand, but both were prettily
formed, with wonderfully full and fat mounts of Venus. We were perfectly
innocent of guile and quite habituated to let each other look at all our
naked bodies without the slightest hesitation; and when playing in the
garden, if one wanted to relieve the pressure on the bladder, we all
squatted down together, and crossed waters, each trying who could piddle
fastest. Notwithstanding these symptoms of passion when excited, in a
state of calm I might have passed for a boy of ten or eleven.

My father had left us but moderately provided for, and mamma, wishing to
live comfortably, preferred giving me lessons along with my sisters at
home to sending me to school; but her health beginning to fail, she
inserted an advertisement in the _Times_ for a governess. Out of a large
number of applicants, a young lady, of the name of Evelyn, was selected.
Some ten days afterwards she arrived, and became one of the family.

We did not see much of her the first evening, but after breakfast the
following morning, mamma accompanied her to what was considered our
schoolroom, and said, “Now, my dears, I place you under Miss Evelyn’s
care; you must obey her in all things; she will teach you your lessons,
as I am unable to do so any longer.” Then, turning to our new governess,
“I fear you will find them somewhat spoiled, and unruly; but there is a
horse, and Susan will make you excellent birch rods whenever you require
them. If you spare their bottoms when they deserve whipping, you will
seriously offend me.” As mamma said this, I observed Miss Evelyn’s eyes
appeared to dilate with a sort of joy, and I felt certain that, severely
as mamma had often whipped us, if we should now deserve it, Miss Evelyn
would administer it much more severely. She looked amiability itself,
and was truly beautiful in face and person, twenty-two years of age,
full and finely formed, and dressed always with the most studied
neatness. She was, in truth, a seductive creature. She made an
instantaneous impression on my senses. There was, however, somewhat of a
sternness of expression, and a dignity of carriage, which caused at once
to fear and respect her. Of course, at first, all went smoothly enough,
and seeing that mamma treated me precisely as she did my sisters, I came
to be regarded as quite a child by Miss Evelyn. She found that she had
to sleep in the same room with my sisters and myself. I fancied that on
the first night Miss Evelyn did not approve of this arrangement, but
gradually became familiarized with it, and seemed to think no more about
it.

When bedtime came, we all kissed mamma and retired early, as usual. Miss
Evelyn followed some hours later. When she came in, she carefully locked
the door, then looked at me to see if I was asleep. Why, I know not, but
I was instinctively prompted to feign sleep. I did so successfully,
notwithstanding the passing of the candle before my eyes. So she at once
commenced undressing. When her back was turned, I opened my eyes, and
greedily devoured her naked charms as they were gradually exhibited
before me. The moment she turned round, I was again as if asleep. I have
said that my passions had begun to develop themselves, but as yet I did
not understand their force or direction. I well remember this first
night, when a fine ripe woman gradually removed every particle of dress
within a couple of yards of me—the effect of each succeeding charm, from
her lovely and beautifully formed bubbies to the taking off her shoes
and stockings from her well-formed legs and small feet and ankles,
caused my prick to swell and stiffen to a painful extent. When all but
her chemise was removed, she stopped to pick up her petticoats that she
had allowed to fall to her feet, and in lifting them, raised also her
chemise, and exposed to my view a most glorious bottom—dazzlingly white
and shining like satin. As the light was full upon it, and she was still
in a stooping position, I could see that below her slit she was well
covered with dark hair. Turning round, to put her petticoats on a chair,
and to take up her nightgown, she slipped her chemise from her arm, and
letting it fall to the ground while she lifted the nightgown over her
head, I had for some seconds a view of her beautiful belly, thickly
covered with dark curly hair over the mount of Venus. So voluptuous was
the sight, I almost shuddered, so intense was my excitement. She now sat
down on the bed to take off her shoes and stockings. Oh! what beautiful
thighs, legs, ankles, and feet she had!

I am now advanced in life, and have had many handsome and well-formed
women, but I never saw limbs more voluptuously formed.

In a few minutes the light was extinguished, and a rushing rill flowed
into the night vase; very different from the gentle tricklings from
myself and sisters as we often squatted down opposite each other and
crossed water, laughing at the different sources from which they flowed.
My sisters often envied me the power of directing the spurt where I
pleased, so little were we from dreaming of the real intent of that
projecting little instrument.

I heard the charming creature get into bed, and shortly breathe hard. As
for me, I could not sleep. I lay awake the greater part of the night,
afraid to be restless, lest I should disturb Miss Evelyn and give her
reason to think I had been observant of her undressing. When at last I
dozed off, it was but to dream of all the charms I had seen.

About a month passed thus. Every night Miss Evelyn became more and more
at her ease, and confident of my mere childishness, often gave me
glorious and lengthened glimpses of her beautifully developed charms:
although it was only about every other night that I could enjoy them,
for, as they always produced sleeplessness afterwards, the following
night nature assured her rights, and I usually slept profoundly when I
would have preferred continued gazing on the charms of my lovely
governess. But, doubtless, those exhausting sleeps helped to throw her
off her guard, and gave me better opportunities than I should otherwise
have had. Once or twice she used the night ware before putting on her
nightgown, and I could see the rosy-lipped opening embosomed in
exquisite dark curls, pouring out its full measure of water; showing a
fine force of nature, and driving me wild with excitement. Yet it is
singular that I never once thought of applying to my fingers for relief
from the painful stiffness that nearly burst my prick asunder.

Whether mamma had observed my very frequent projection of my trousers,
or began to think it better I should not sleep in the same room as Miss
Evelyn, I cannot say, but she had my bed removed into her own. However,
I was so thoroughly treated as a mere boy by everyone in the house, that
Miss Evelyn seemed to forget my sex; and there was at all times a
freedom of carriage and an _abandon_ in her attitudes that she certainly
would not have indulged in if she had felt any restraint from
considering herself in the presence of a youth of the age of puberty.

In cold weather I used to sit on a low stool by the fire—Miss Evelyn was
seated in front, I had my lesson book on my knee, and she herself would
place her beautiful feet on the high school fender, with her work in her
lap, while she heard my sisters repeat their lesson, totally unconscious
that for half an hour at a time she was exposing her beautiful legs and
thighs to my ardent gaze; for sitting much below her, and bending my
head as if intent on my lesson, my eyes were below her raised
petticoats. Her close and tight-fitting white stockings displayed her
well-formed legs, for while confined to the house during our morning
lessons she did not wear drawers; so that in the position she sat in,
with her knees higher than her feet on the already high fender, and her
legs somewhat apart to hold her work in her lap more easily, the whole
glorious underswell of both thighs, and the lower part of her fine large
bottom, with the pinky slit quite visible, nestled in a rich profusion
of dark curls, were fully exposed to my view. The light from the fire
glancing under her raised petticoats tinged the whole with a glow, and
set me equally in a blaze of desire until I was almost ready to faint. I
could have rushed headlong under her petticoats, and kissed and fondled
that delicious opening and all its surroundings. Oh, how little she
thought of the passion she was raising. Oh! dear Miss Evelyn, how I did
love you from the dainty kid slipper and tight glossy silk stocking, up
to the glorious swell of the beautiful bubbies, that were so fully
exposed to me nearly every night, and the lovely lips of all that I
longed to lovingly embrace.

Thus day after day passed away, and Miss Evelyn became to me a goddess,
a creature whom, in my heart of hearts, I literally worshiped. When she
left the schoolroom, and I was alone, I kissed that part of the fender
her feet had pressed, and the seat on which she sat, and even the air an
inch above, imagination placing there her lovely cunt. I craved for
something beyond this without knowing exactly what I wanted; for, as
yet, I really was utterly ignorant of anything appertaining to the
conjunction of the sexes.

One day I had gone up to my sisters’ bedroom where the governess slept,
that I might throw myself on her bed, and in imagination embrace her
beautiful body. I heard someone approaching, and knowing that I had no
business there, I hid myself under the bed. The next moment Miss Evelyn
herself entered, and locked the door. It was about an hour before
dinner. Taking off her dress, and hanging it on the wardrobe, she drew
out a piece of furniture, which had been bought for her, the use of
which had often puzzled me; she took off the lid, poured water into its
basin, and placed a sponge near it. She then took off her gown, drew her
petticoats and chemise up to her waist and fastened them there,
straddled across it, and seated herself upon it.

I thus had the intoxicating delight of gazing on all her beautiful
charms, for when she tucked up her clothes she stood before her glass,
presenting to my devouring glance her glorious white bottom in all its
fullness, turning to approach the bidet, she equally exposed her lower
belly and beautiful mount, with all its wealth of hair. While straddling
over the bidet before she sat down, the whole of her pinky-lipped cunt
broke on my enraptured sight. Never shall I forget the wild excitement
of the moment. It was almost too much for my excited senses;
fortunately, when seated, the immediate cause of my almost madness
vanished. She sponged herself well between the thighs for about five
minutes. She then raised herself off the bidet, and for a moment again
displayed the pouting lips of her cunt—then stood fronting me for two or
three minutes while she removed, with the rinsed sponge, the trickling
drops of water which still gathered on the rich bush of curls around her
quim. Thus her belly, mount and thighs, whose massy-fleshed and most
voluptuous shape were more fully seen by me than they had heretofore
been, and it may easily be conceived into what a state such a deliberate
view threw me.

Oh, Miss Evelyn, dear, delicious Miss Evelyn! what would you have
thought had you known that I was gazing on all your angelic charms, and
that my eager eyes had been straining themselves to penetrate the
richness of those charming pouting lips which lay so snugly in that rich
mass of dark curling hair. Oh! how I do long to kiss them; for at that
time I had no other idea of embracing and still less of penetrating
them.

When her ablutions were completed, she sat down and drew off her
stockings, displaying her beautiful white calves and charming little
feet. I believe it was this first admiration of really exquisitely
formed legs, ankles and feet, which were extraordinarily perfect in
make, that first awakened my passion for those objects, which have since
always exercised a peculiar charm over me. She was also so particularly
neat in her shoes—little dark ones—that were _bijoux_ to look at, I
often took them up and kissed them, when left in the room. Then her silk
stockings, always drawn up tight and fitting like a glove, set off to
the greatest advantage the remarkable fine shape of her legs.

Putting on silk for cotton stockings, she took down a low-bodiced dress,
finished her toilet, and left the room. I crawled out from under the
bed, washed my face and hands in the water of the bidet, and even drank
some in my excitement.

Some six weeks had now elapsed since the arrival of Miss Evelyn. The
passion that had seized me for her had so far kept me most obedient to
her slightest command, or even wish, and, from the same cause, attentive
to my lessons, when not distracted by the circumstances already
detailed. My example had also had the effect of keeping my sisters much
in the same groove, but it was impossible this could last—it was not
nature. As long as all went smoothly, Miss Evelyn seemed to be all
amiability. We fancied we could do as we liked, and we grew more
careless.

Miss Evelyn became more reserved, and cautioned us at first, and then
threatened us with the rod. We did not think she would make use of it.
Mary grew impertinent, and one afternoon turned sulky over her lessons,
and set our teacher at defiance. Miss Evelyn, who had been growing more
and more angry, had her rise from her seat. She obeyed with an impudent
leer. Seizing her by the arm, Miss Evelyn dragged the struggling girl to
the horse. My sister was strong and fought hard, using both teeth and
nails, but it was to no purpose. The anger of our governess was fully
roused, and raising her in her arms, she carried her forcibly to the
horse, placed her on it, held her firmly with one hand while she put the
noose round her with the other, which, when drawn, secured her body;
other nooses secured each ankle to rings in the floor, keeping her legs
apart by the projection of the horse, and also forcing the knees to bend
a little, by which the most complete exposure of the bottom, and, in
fact, of all her private parts too, was obtained.

Miss Evelyn then left her, and went to mamma for a rod. In a few minutes
she returned, evidently flushed with passion, and proceded to tie Mary’s
petticoats well up to her waist, leaving her bottom and her pinky slit
quite bare and exposed directly before my eyes. It was quite two months
since I had seen her private parts, and I was well surprised to observe
the lips more pouting and swelled out, as well as the symptoms of a
mossy covering of the mount much more developed. Indeed, it was in
itself more exciting than I had expected, for my thoughts had so long
dwelt only on the riper beauties of Miss Evelyn that I had quite ceased
to have any toying with Mary.

This full view of all her private parts reawakened former sensations and
strengthened them. Miss Evelyn first removed her own scarf, laying bare
her plump ivory shoulders, and showing the upper halves of her beautiful
bubbies, which were heaving with the excitement of her anger. She bared
her fine right arm, and grasping the rod, stepped back and raised her
arm; her eyes glistened in a peculiar way. She was indeed beautiful to
see.

I shall never forget that moment—it was but a moment. The rod whistled
through the air and fell with a cruel cut on poor Mary’s plump little
bottom. The flesh quivered again, and Mary, who had resolved not to cry,
flushed in her face, and bit the damask with which the horse was
covered.

Again the arm was raised, and again, with a sharp whistle, it fell on
the palpating buttocks below it. Still her stubborn temper bore her up,
and although we saw how she winced, not a sound escaped her lips.
Drawing back a step, Miss Evelyn again raised her hand and arm, and this
time her aim was so true that the longer points of the rod doubled
between the buttocks and concentrated themselves between the lips of
Mary’s privates. So agonising was the pain that she screamed out
dreadfully. Again the rod fell precisely on the same spot.

“Oh! oh! oh! Dear Miss Evelyn. I will never, no, never, do so again.”

Her shrieks were of no avail. Cut succeeded cut, yell succeeded
yell—until the rod was worn to a stump, and poor Mary’s bottom was one
mass of weals and red as raw beef. It was fearful to see, and yet such
is our nature that to see it was, at the same time, exciting. I could
not keep my eyes from her pouting quim, the swelling lips of which,
under the severity of the punishment it was undergoing, not only seemed
to thicken, but actually opened and shut, and evidently throbbed with
agony. But all this was highly exciting for me to witness. I then and
there resolved to have a closer inspection at a more convenient
opportunity, which did not fail me in the end.

Meanwhile, her spirit was completely cowed, or rather, crushed. Indeed,
we were all fully frightened, and now knew what we had to expect, if we
did not behave ourselves. There was now no fear of any manifestation of
temper, and we felt we must indeed obey implicitly whatever our
governess chose to order. We instinctively learned to fear her.

A very few days after this memorable whipping, some visitors arrived—a
gentleman and lady. The gentleman was an old friend of mamma’s, who had
lately married, and mamma had asked them to visit her on their wedding
tour and spent a short time with us.

The gentleman was a fine-looking man, tall and powerfully built; the
lady rather delicate looking, but well shaped, with good breasts and
shoulders, small waist, and spreading haunches, well-formed arms, small
hands and feet, and very brilliant eyes.

I think it was about three days after their arrival that one afternoon I
went into the spare room, which was occupied by these visitors; while
there, I heard them coming upstairs. The lady entered first, and I had
just time to slip into a closet and draw the door to; it was not quite
closed, but nearly so. In a minute the gentleman followed, and gently
shutting the door, locked it. Mrs. Benson smiled, and said—

“Well, my love, you are a sad teaser; you let me have no rest. Surely,
you had enough last night and this morning without wanting it again so
soon?”

“Indeed, I had not,” he said, “I never can have enough of your delicious
person. So come, we must not be long about it, or our absence will be
observed.”

He seized her round the waist, and drew her lips to his, and gave her a
long, long kiss; squeezing her to him, and moving himself against her.
Then seating himself, he pulled her on his knee, and thrust his hand up
her petticoats, their mouths being glued together for some time.

“We must be quick, dear,” she murmured.

He got up, and lifted her on the edge of the bed, threw her back, and
taking her legs under his arms, exposed everything to my view. She had
not so much hair on her mount of Venus as Miss Evelyn, but her slit
showed more pouting lips, and appeared more open. Judge of my excitement
when I saw Mr. Benson unbutton his trousers and pull out an immense
cock. Oh, dear, how large it looked; it almost frightened me. With his
fingers he placed the head between the lips of Mrs. Benson’s sheath, and
then letting go his hold, and placing both arms so as to support her
legs, he pushed it all right into her to the hilt at once. I was
thunderstruck that Mrs. Benson did not shriek with agony, it did seem
such a large thing to thrust right into her belly. However, far from
screaming with pain, she appeared to enjoy it. Her eyes glistened, her
face flushed, and she smiled most graciously on Mr. B. The two appeared
very happy. His large cock slipped in and out quite smoothly, and his
hands pressed the large glossy buttocks and pulled them to him at each
home thrust. This lasted nearly five minutes, when all at once Mr. B.
stopped short, and then followed one or two convulsive shoves—he
grinning in a very absurd way at her. He remained quiet for a few
minutes, and the drew out his cock, all soft, with slimy drops falling
from it onto the carpet. Taking a towel, he wiped up the carpet, and
wrapping it round his cock, went to the basin and washed it.

Mrs. Benson lay for a few minutes longer all exposed, her quim more open
than before, and I could see a white slime oozing from it.

You can hardly imagine the wild excitement this scene occasioned me.
First, the grand mystery was at once explained to me, and my ignorant
longings now knew to what they tended. After giving me plenty of time to
realise all the beauties of her private parts, she slipped down on the
floor, adjusted her petticoats, and smoothed the disordered counterpane,
and then went to the glass to arrange her hair. This done, she quietly
unlocked the door, and Mr. Benson went out. The door was then relocked,
and Mrs. B. went to the basin, emptied and filled it, then raised up her
petticoats, and bathed the parts between her legs with a sponge, and
then rubbed all dry with a towel; all this time exposing everything to
my ardent gaze. But, horror of horrors! she after this came straight to
the closet and gave a slight scream on discovering me there. I blushed
up to the ears, and tried to stammer out an excuse. She stared at me at
first in silent amazement; but at last said—

“How came you here, sir, tell me?”

“I was here when you came up; I wanted my football, which was in this
closet, and when I heard you coming, I hid myself, I don’t know why.”

For some minutes she seemed to consider and examine me attentively. She
then said—

“Can you be discreet?”

“Oh, yes, ma’am.”

“You will never tell anyone what you have seen?”

“No ma’am.”

“Well, keep this promise, and I shall try what I can do to reward you.
Now, go downstairs.”

I went to the schoolroom, but I was greatly agitated, I scarcely knew
what I was doing. The scene I had witnessed had complete possession of
my thoughts. In years but a boy, the mystery now practically explained
to me had awakened all the passions of a man. Instead of studying my
lessons, my thoughts wandered to Mrs. B., thrown back on the bed with
her fine legs and thighs fully exposed; above all, the sight of the
pinky gash, with its fleecy hair at the bottom of her belly, which I had
seen for some minutes all open and oozing out the slimy juice that
followed the amorous encounter they had been indulging in. It seemed so
much more developed than Miss Evelyn’s. I felt sure that Miss Evelyn
could never take in such a thick long thing as Mr. B. had thrust into
his wife, and yet it appeared to go in so easily, and moved about so
smoothly, and so evidently to the satisfaction and utmost delight of
both, as was proved by their ardent embracings, fond murmurs, and
voluptuous movements, especially just before they both ceased together
all movement whatever.

Then I thought, how delicious it would be to treat Miss Evelyn in the
same way, and to revel with my stiff-standing prick in her delicious
quim, which in my mind’s eye I saw before me as I had viewed in on her
rising from the bidet, when I lay hid under the bed. Then I thought of
my sister Mary’s smaller, although attractive little quim, and I
resolved, as that was the easiest to get hold of, to initiate her in all
the newly discovered mysteries. I fully determined that my own first
lesson, as well as hers, should be taken on her little fat chubby cunt.
Then the recollection of its pouting and throbbing lips under the
fearful flagellation she had undergone, began to excite me, and made my
cock stand stiff and throb again. All the weeks of excitement I had now
constantly been under had produced a wonderful effect on my pego, which
had become considerably more developed when in a state of erection. As
you may suppose, with such distracting thoughts, I did not get on with
my lessons. Miss Evelyn, for some reason or other, was out of humour
that morning, and more than once spoke crossly to me for my evident
inattention. At length she called me to her, and finding that I had
scarcely done anything, she said—

“Now, Charles, I give you ten minutes longer to finish that sum, if not
done in that time I shall whip you; you are exhibiting the mere spirit
of idleness. I do not know what has come over you, but if persisted in,
you shall certainly be punished.”

The idea of the beautiful Miss Evelyn whipping my bare bottom did not
tend to calm my excitement, on the contrary, it turned my lewd thoughts
upon the beauties of her person, which I had so often furtively gazed
upon.

It was close upon four o’clock, at which hour we always broke up for a
run in the garden for an hour, and during this period I had resolved to
begin instructing Mary in the secret mysteries I had so lately been a
witness to. But fate had ordered it otherwise, and I was to receive my
first practical lesson and be initiated on the person of a riper and
more beautiful woman; but of this hereafter. At four o’clock I had done
nothing with my task—Miss Evelyn looked grave:

“Mary and Eliza, you may go out, Charles will remain here.”

My sisters, simply imagining that I was kept to finish my lessons, ran
into the garden. Miss Evelyn turned the key in the door, opened a
cupboard, and withdrew a birch rod neatly tied up with blue ribbons. Now
my blood coursed through my veins, and my fingers trembled so that I
could hardly hold my pencil.

“Put down your slate, Charles, and come to me.”

I obeyed, and stood before my beautiful governess, with a strange
commixture of fear and desire.

“Unfasten your braces, and pull down your trousers.”

I commenced doing this, though but very slowly. Angry at my delay her
delicate fingers speedily accomplished the work. My trousers fell to my
feet.

“Place yourself across my knees.”

Tremblingly, with the same commixture of feeling, I obeyed. Her silk
dress was drawn up to prevent its being creased—my naked flesh pressed
against her snowy white petticoats. A delicate perfume of violet and
vervain assailed my nerves. As I felt her soft and delicate fingers
drawing up my shirt, and passing over my bare posteriors, while the
warmth of her pulpy form beneath me penetrated my flesh, nature exerted
her power, and my prick began to swell out to a most painful extent. I
had but little time, however, to notice this before a rapid succession
of the most cruel cuts lacerated my bottom.

“Oh, dear! Oh, dear! Oh, dear! Oh, Miss Evelyn. I will do the sum if you
will only forgive me. Oh, oh, oh, &c.”

Holding me firmly with her left arm, Miss Evelyn used the rod most
unmercifully. At first, the pain was excruciating, and I roared out as
loud as I could, but gradually the pain ceased to be so acute, and was
succeeded by the most delicious tickling sensation. My struggles at
first had been so violent as to greatly disorder Miss Evelyn’s
petticoats, and to raise them up so as to expose to my delighted eyes
her beautifully formed silk-clad legs up to the knees, and even an inch
or two of naked thigh above.

This, together with the intense tickling irritation communicated to my
bottom, as well as to the friction of my cock against the person of Miss
Evelyn in my struggles, rendered me almost delirious, and I tossed and
pushed myself about on her knees in a state of perfect frenzy as the
blows continued to be showered down upon my poor bottom. At last the rod
was worn to a stump, and I was pushed off her knees. As I rose before
her, with my cheeks streaming with tears, my shirt was jutting out
considerably in front in an unmistakeable and most prominent manner, and
my prick was at the same time throbbing beneath it with convulsive
jerks, which I could by no means restrain.

Miss Evelyn glared at the projection in marked astonishment, and her
open eyes were fixed upon it as I stood rubbing my bottom and crying,
without attempting to move or button up my trousers. She continued for a
minute or two to stare at the object of attraction, flushing scarlet up
to the forehead, and then she suddenly seemed to recollect herself, drew
a heavy breath, and rapidly left room. She did not return until after my
sisters came back from the garden, and seemed still confused, and
avoided fixing her eye upon me.

In two days afterwards, all disagreeable marks of this very severe
whipping had disappeared. On the following day we were invited to pass
the afternoon at the grange, a beautiful place about two miles from us.
The afternoon was fine and warm; we walked there, and arrived about four
o’clock. Mr. and Mrs. Robinson were in the drawing room, but at once
desired us to go in the garden and amuse ourselves with their three
daughters, whom we would find there. We went at once, and found them
amusing themselves on a swing. Sophia, the eldest, about nineteen, was
swinging a sister about two years younger, a very fine, fully developed
young woman. Indeed, all three sisters were finer women and more
beautiful than the average of young ladies.

Another sister, Agnes, was not seated, but standing on the board between
the ropes. Sophia was making both mount as high as possible. They were
laughing loudly, when we found them, at the exposure each made—one in
advancing, the other retiring. Agnes’s light dress of muslin and single
petticoat, as she retired and the wind came up from behind, was bulged
out in front, and exposed her limbs up to her belly, so that one could
see that her mount was already well furnished. The other, in advancing,
threw her legs up, and exposed all the underside of her thighs and a
part of her bottom, and you could just discern that there was dark hair
between the lower thighs and bottom.

As they considered me but a child, I was no check to their mirth and
sport. On the contrary, they gave me a long rope to pull down the swing
when at its highest, and I sat down on the grass in front for greater
convenience. The fine limbs and hairy quims exposed freely before me
from moment to moment excited my passions. None of them wore more than
one petticoat, and they had no drawers, so that when they mounted to the
highest point from me, I had the fullest possible view of all. My cock
soon rose to a painful extent, which I really believe was noticed and
enjoyed by them, I observed, too, that I was an object of attention to
Miss Evelyn, who shortly seated herself in the swing, and allowed me to
swing her with the end of the rope. I even fancied that she threw up her
legs more than was at all necessary; at all events, she naturally, with
the strong feelings I had towards her, excited me more than all the
rest.

We were as merry as could be, and we passed a delightful evening until
eight o’clock, when it began to rain. As it continued, and became very
heavy, Mr. Robinson ordered out the closed carriage to take us home. It
was a brougham, only seated for two. Mary took Eliza on her knee, Miss
Evelyn took me upon hers. I know not how it happened, but her lovely arm
soon passed round my body as if to hold me on her knee, and her hand
fell, apparently by accident, exactly on my cock—the touch was electric.
In an instant, my member stood stiff and strong beneath her hand. Still
Miss Evelyn, who must have felt the movement going on beneath her
fingers, did not remove her hand, but rather seemed to press more upon
it. In my boyish ignorance, I imagined she was not aware of what was
happening. The motion and jolting of the carriage over rough road caused
her hand to rub up and down upon my erected and throbbing member. I was
almost beside myself, and to conceal my condition I feigned sleep. I let
my head fall on Miss Evelyn’s shoulder and neck—she allowed this.

Whether she thought I had really fallen asleep I know not, but I was
quite sensible that her fingers pressed my swollen and throbbing cock,
and I fancied she was measuring its size.

The tight grasp she managed to gain, and the continued jolting of the
carriage, brought me up at last to such a pitch state that a greater
jolt than usual, repeated two or three times in succession, each
followed by a firmer pressure of her charming fingers, caused me such an
excess of excitement that I actually swooned away with the most
delicious sensation I had ever experienced in my life. I was some time
before I knew where I was, or what I was about, and was only made
conscious of our arrival at home by Miss Evelyn shaking me to rouse me
up. I stumbled up, but though partially stupefied, I fancied Miss
Evelyn’s eyes shone with a brilliancy I had never before observed, and
that there was a bright hectic flush on her cheek. She refused to go
into the parlour, but hurried to bed on pretence of a headache.

When I retired to bed, and took off my shirt, I found it all sticky and
wet in front.

It was thus I paid down my first tribute to Venus. I thought long over
this evident approach to familiarity on the part of Miss Evelyn, and
went to sleep with a lively hope of a more private interview with her,
when I trusted that her evident passion would initiate me in the
pleasures to be derived from her beauteous body.

But again fate intervened, and another, not less beautiful, more
experienced, and more inclined for the sport, was to be my charming
mistress in love’s revels.

Two days after this, Mr. Benson was unexpectedly called away on pressing
affairs, which he feared might detain him three weeks. He left Mrs. B.
with us. As he had to be driven about nine miles to the town where the
coach passed, mamma took the opportunity of going to the town with him.
Mrs. B. complained of not being equal to the fatigue, and mamma told
Miss Evelyn she would like her company, and as the two girls wanted new
shoes, they could go also; I was to remain at home, and mamma desired me
to be quiet and attentive to Mrs. Benson, who, observing no one, said to
me, with a peculiar look:

“I shall want you to hold my skeins, Charlie, so don’t go out of the
way, but be ready for me as soon as they are gone.”

She then went up to her bedroom, where Mr. B. immediately joined her, no
doubt to re-enact the scene I had already witnessed from the closet on a
previous day. They were fully half an hour occupied together. At length,
all was ready, and off they went, leaving me to a fate I had little
dreamt of.

Mrs. B. proposed we should go up to the drawing room, which looked out
to the garden, and was nowhere overlooked. I followed her, and could not
help admiring her fine figure as she preceded me in going upstairs.
Although pale in complexion, she was well made, and very elegant in her
carriage, and sat down on a low easy chair, throwing herself completely
back, and crossing one leg over the other, apparently without being
aware that she carried her petticoats up with the action, and exhibited
the beautiful underleg up to the garter.

I had never forgotten the day, when secreted in the closet, I had seen
them completely exposed, and how charming they were. Her present
negligent attitude, although far from the same exposure I speak of, was
still, with the former recollection running in my head, enough to set my
whole blood on fire. I have before remarked what a power beautiful and
well-stockinged legs, and ankles and small feet, had upon my nervous
system, and so it was now. As I gazed upon her handsome legs, ankles,
and feet, I felt my prick swell and throb in a manner that could not
fail to be perceptible to Mrs. B, especially as her head lay on a level
with that part of my person as I stood before her.

Although she continued knitting, I could see that her eyes were directed
to that part of my person, and fixed upon the increasing distention of
my trousers. In a few minutes she gave me a skein of worsted to hold,
and desired me to kneel in front of her, so as to bring my hands down to
the level of the low chair on which she was seated.

I knelt close to the footstool on which her foot rested; it was raised
up, and a very slight movement brought it against my person, at first
rather below where my throbbing prick was distending my trousers. As she
commenced to wind her ball, she gradually pushed her foot further
forward, until the toe actually touched the knob of my cock, and
occasionally moved it right and left, exciting me beyond measure.

I flushed up to the very ears, and trembled so violently that I thought
I should have dropped the skein.

“My dear boy, what is the matter with you, that you blush and tremble
so, are you unwell?”

I could not answer, blushed more than ever. The skein at length was
finished.

“Charles,” she said, “get up, and come here.”

I rose and stood by her side.

“What have you got in your trousers that is moving?”

And here her busy fingers commenced unbuttoning them. Released from
confinement, out started my prick—stiff as iron, and as large as that of
a youth of eighteen. Indeed, I was better hung than one boy selected out
of five hundred of that age. Mrs. B., who had pretended to be perfectly
astonished, exclaimed—

“Good gracious, what a pego! Why Charles, my darling, you are a man not
a boy. What a size to be sure!” and she gently handled it. “Is it often
in this state?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“For how long?”

“Ever since Miss Evelyn came.”

“And pray, sir, what has Miss Evelyn’s coming had to do with it?”

“I—I—I—I—”

“Come now, Charles, be candid with me; what is it you mean where you say
Miss Evelyn has caused you to be in such a state, have you shown her
this, and has she handled it?”

“Oh! dear no; never, never!”

“Is it her face, her bosom, or her legs that have captivated you?”

“It was her feet and ankles, ma’am, with her beautiful legs, which she
sometimes exhibited without knowing.”

“And do all ladies’ legs and ankles produce this effect upon you?”

“Oh, yes, ma’am, if they are neat and pretty!”

“And what make you so excited now?”

“It was the sight of your beautiful legs just now, and the recollection
of what I saw the other day, ma’am,” I stammered out, blushing more than
ever.

While this conversation was going on, her soft hand grasped my distended
prick, and had commenced slowly slipping the loose skin over the swollen
head, and allowing it to slip back again.

“I suppose, Charles, after what you saw in the closet, you know what
this is meant to do.”

I muttered out an indistinct reply that I did, and I hung down my
blushing face.

“You have never put it into a lady, have you?”

“Oh! dear no, ma’am.”

“Would you like to do so?”

I did not answer, but sheepishly held down my head.

“Did you see what I had in the same place, when you were in the closet?”

I muttered, “Yes, ma’am.”

“Would it afford you any pleasure to see it again?”

“Oh, yes; so much!”

Mrs. B. rose, went to the window, drew down the blind, then gently
turned the key in the door. Returning to the chair, and drawing well up
her dress, petticoats and chemise, she exposed all her person up to the
middle of her belly; and sat down stretching herself backwards, and
opening her thighs well.

“Well, my dear boy, look at it if you wish.”

I was no longer shy. Nature prompted me to an act of gallantry that
gratified the lady immensely. Falling on my knees, I glued my lips to
the delicious spot, pushing my tongue in as far as I could, and sucked
it. It was quite spunky; I had no doubt but that Mr. B. had fucked her
two or three times just before leaving. This, however, made no
difference to me. The attack was as unexpected as it was delightful to
the lady. She placed both hands on my head and pressed my face against
her throbbing cunt. She was evidently hotly excited, not only by what I
was then doing, but by the scene, the conversation, and the handling of
my prick, which she had been indulging in. She wriggled her bottom
nervously below me, I continued to greedily lick her moist and juicy
cunt.

“Oh! oh! dear Charles, what exquisite delight you are giving me. Oh!
oh!”

And she pressed my face more fully into the gaping sheath, and thrusting
her bottom up at the same time, spent right into my mouth, over my
cheeks, chin, and neck. Her thighs closed convulsively round my head,
and for some moments she remained still. I continued to lick away, and
swallowed the delicious spunk that still flowed from her. At last she
spoke again—

“Oh! you darling Charles, I love you for ever; but get up, it is now my
turn to give you a taste of the exquisite pleasure you have given me.”

I raised myself, and she drew me to her, and gave me a long kiss,
licking her own sperm from off my lips and cheek; and desiring me to
thrust my tongue into her mouth, she sucked it deliciously, while her
soft hand and gentle fingers had again sought, found, and caressed my
stiff-standing prick. She then desired me to lay myself on the floor,
with three pillows to raise my head, and lifting up all her petticoats,
and striding across me, with her back to my face, she knelt down, then
stooping forward, she took my standing prick in her mouth, and at the
same time lowering her buttocks, brought her beautiful cunt right over
and down upon my mouth, the pillows exactly supporting my head at the
proper level, to command a thorough enjoyment of the whole, which now I
had completely before my eyes.

In the former sucking my own position hid everything from view beyond
the rich mass of hair adorning her splendid mount of Venus, which I
found to be much more abundant than it had appeared to me when I had
seen it from the closet. When I applied my lips to the delicious gap, I
found that she had the most beautiful silky light curls running up to
and around her charming pink bottom-hole, and losing themselves in the
chink between the buttocks. I applied myself furiously to the delicious
gash, and sucked and thrust my tongue in alternately. I could see by the
nervous twitching of her buttocks, and the bearing down of her whole
bottom on my face, how much she was enjoying it. I, too, was in an
extasy of delight. One hand gently frigged the lower portion of my
prick, while the other played with my balls, and her beautiful mouth,
lips, and tongue sucked, pressed, and tickled the head of my excited
prick. The more furiously I sucked her cunt, the more her lips
compressed the head of my pego, and her tongue sought to enter the
urethra, giving me almost overpowering delight. Such reciprocal efforts
soon brought on the extatic crisis, I cried out:

“Oh, lady! oh, dear lady! let me go; I am dying!”

She knew well enough what was coming, but she had her own way, and at
the instant that she again poured down upon my mouth and face a
plenteous discharge, her own rosy mouth received a torrent of my sperm.

For some minutes we lay mutually breathless and exhausted. Then Mrs. B.
rose, shook down her clothes, assisted me to rise, and taking me in her
arms, and pressing me lovingly to her bosom, told me I was a dear
charming fellow, and had enraptured her beyond measure. She then
embraced me fondly, kissing my mouth and eyes, and desiring me to give
her my tongue, sucked it so sweetly.

“Now, fasten up your trousers, my darling boy.”

When I had done so, the blind was drawn up, and the door unlocked.

We sat down, I by her side with one arm round her lovely neck, and the
other clasped in her hand.

“I am sure I can depend upon your prudence, my dear Charles, to keep all
this a profound secret from everyone. Your mamma thinks you a child, and
will suspect nothing. I shall take an opportunity of suggesting that you
shall sleep in the small room adjoining my bedroom, and with which there
is a door of communication. When everyone is gone to bed, I shall open
the door, and you shall come and sleep with me, and I will let you enjoy
me as you saw Mr. B. do the other day. Will you like that?”

“Oh! above all things, oh, yes. But you must also allow me to kiss that
delicious spot again that has just given me such pleasure. Will you not,
ma’am?”

“Oh, yes, my darling boy, whenever we can do so safely, and unobserved;
but I must impress upon you never to seem very familiar with me before
anyone, or to take the slightest liberty unless I invite you to do so.
Anything of the sort would certainly draw attention, and lead to our
detection, and at once put an end to what I mean shall be a delightful
connection for you as well as myself.”

I, of course, promised the most perfect obedience to her very prudent
directions. The ice was broken, and we allowed no ceremony to stand
between us. I grew again very excited, and would fain have proceeded at
once to try again to fuck her as well as suck her, but she was
inexorable, and told me I should only spoil the pleasure we should
afterwards have in bed. The day passed like an hour in her charming
society.

The carriage brought mamma and party to dinner. Mamma hoped I had
behaved well, and been attentive to Mrs. B. in her absence. She answered
nothing could be better, and that I was quite a model youth—so gentle
and so obedient.

My mother found that she had caught cold, and had febrile symptoms after
dinner. Mrs. B. persuaded her to retire to bed, and accompanied her.
When in her room, she apparently noticed, for the first time, my little
bed. She took the opportunity of suggesting that it would be much better
to remove it to the small room, so as to leave my mother in perfect
quiet, which my coming to bed might disturb.

This was said in such an innocent natural manner, that no suspicion was
excited on the part of mamma or anybody else. Mamma only making the
objection that my early rising might by my noise disturb Mrs. B. in the
next room.

“Oh, no; I am not so easily disturbed, besides he has been so well
behaved all day, that I am sure, if I tell him to be quiet in the
morning, he will not fail to do so.”

So it was settled, and my bed was at once removed to the little room.

I know not what Miss Evelyn thought of this; at any rate, she made no
remark, and I went to bed early. It will easily be conceived that I did
not go to sleep. The hours struck one after the other, and no appearance
of my amiable instructress. The remembrance of all her charms was ever
present to my mind’s eye, and I longed once more to dart my tongue into
her moist and juicy cunt, as well as to try the new method that was to
initiate me into the real secrets of Venus.

The long delay of her coming put me in a perfect fever. I tossed and
tumbled in bed; my prick throbbed almost to bursting. Fortunately, I had
never frigged myself, and that resource never occured to me, or I might
have rendered myself quite incapable of enjoying the raptures my
beautiful benefactress afterwards entranced me with. At last I heard
voices and footsteps on the stairs. Mrs. B. bid Miss Evelyn good night,
and the next minute her door was opened, closed again, and the key
turned in the lock. I had taken the precaution to do so with my door. I
heard her use the night vase, and then she opened my door, at once
coming to my bedside. Seeing me awake and quite flushed, she kissed me,
and whispered—

“Have you not been to sleep, Charles?”

“No, ma’am,” I answered, in the same subdued tone, “I could not sleep.”

“Why, dear boy?”

“Because I was going to sleep with you.”

Her lips pressed mine, and her soft hand, thrust under the clothes;
sought for and caressed my stiff-standing prick—it was as hard as iron.

“Poor boy, I am afraid you have been suffering. How long has it been in
this state?”

“All the evening, ma’am, and I did think you were such a long time in
coming.”

“Well, Charles, I could not come sooner without causing suspicion—I
thought Miss Evelyn was suspicious, so I pretended to have no desire to
go to bed; and even when she showed evident symptoms of drowsiness after
her long ride, I rallied her upon it, and begged her to sit up with me
yet a little; until at last she could hold out no longer, and begged me
to let her retire. I grumblingly complied, and she is thrown completely
off any scent on our account, as she could never suppose I was impatient
as you to come here. I shall undress as fast as possible, and then do my
best to relieve you of this painful stiffness. Get up, shut this door,
and come to my bed. My room has an inner baize door, and we shall there
be certain of not being overheard.”

I instantly complied, and she commenced undressing. Every detail of her
charming toilet was devoured by my greedy eyes. Her smooth, glossy, and
abundant hair, arranged in braids, was neatly fastened in under a
coquettish lace cap with pretty blue ribbons. Her _chemise de nuit_ of
the finest, almost transparent cambric was edged with fine openwork. She
looked devine. The drawers of the commode contained scent bags of that
peculiar odour which is generally found to perfume the persons of the
most seductive women. In another moment she was in bed, clasping me in
her arms.

“Now, Charles, you must be a good boy, and make no noise, and allow me
to teach you your first love lesson, see I will lay myself down on my
back, thus—do you place yourself on your knees between my out-spread
thighs—there, that is a darling—now let me lay hold of your dear
instrument. Now lay yourself down on me.”

I placed myself on her beautiful smooth and white belly and pressed
against the hair of her mount. With her long taper fingers she guided my
prick—I trembled in every limb and almost felt sick with excitement—but
when I felt the delicious sensation caused by the insertion of my
skinned pintle between the smooth warm oily folds of the lady’s cunt—I
gave but one shove which carried me up so that I swooned away on her
belly and milk-white bosom.

When I came to myself I still lay on her belly, enfolded in her lovely
arms, my prick sheathed up to the cods in her delicious cunt, which was
throbbing in the most extatic way and pressing and closing with every
fold on my prick—which had hardly lost any of its pristine stiffness; as
my eyes began to discern her features, an exquisite smile played upon my
darling companion’s lips.

“You sad rogue,” she whispered, “you have given me a baby; what have you
been doing to make you spend so soon, and in such a quantity, Did you
like it?”

“Oh, dearest madam, I have been in heaven—surely no joy can be greater
than you have given me.”

“But you do not know as yet everything that is to be done, and to how
much greater an extent the pleasure may be enhanced by mutual efforts;
move your instrument gently in and out—there, that is delicious, but not
so fast. Good, is it not nice!”

And she moved in unison with me, meeting each slow thrust down by an
equal movement upwards, and squeezing my prick in the most delicious
manner internally, as she retired again to meet succeeding thrusts in
the same way.

