                           The Moon Princess
                              A FAIRY TALE


                                   BY
                          EDITH OGDEN HARRISON

                               Author of
                         _PRINCE SILVERWINGS &
                           THE STAR FAIRIES_

                         _With Illustrations in
                         Color & Other Drawings
                                   by
                          Lucy Fitch Perkins_

                                CHICAGO
                          A. C. M^cClurg & Co.
                                  1905

                               Copyright
                          A. C. McCLURG & CO.
                                  1905
                       Published October 7, 1905

                           The Lakeside Press
                     R. R. DONNELLEY & SONS COMPANY
                                CHICAGO

                         [Illustration: Fairy]

                             _TO C. H. H._
                      MY MOST APPRECIATIVE READER




                                CONTENTS


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]


                                                                    PAGE


                               CHAPTER I
  How the Moon Princess Came to the Earth                             13


                               CHAPTER II
  How the Wedding Guests Visited the Caves of Ocean                   23


                              CHAPTER III
  How the Fairies Were Changed into Mocking-birds                     30


                               CHAPTER IV
  The Little Dwellers in the Marsh                                    45


                               CHAPTER V
  The Rainbow Sisters                                                 51


                               CHAPTER VI
  How the Sun Princess Came to the Earth                              74


                              CHAPTER VII
  The Story of the Jewelled Beach                                     91


                              CHAPTER VIII
  The Lost Ocean                                                     112


                               CHAPTER IX
  The Story of Princess Sunset                                       128


                               CHAPTER X
  How the Moon Princess was Taken Captive by the Black Dwarf         147


                               CHAPTER XI
  How the Sun Prince Rescued the Moon Princess                       154




                         LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]


                                                                    PAGE
  “I will return soon, sweet mother”                      _Frontispiece_
  The Ocean Queen came forth, with her younger children, to greet
          them                                                        25
  “They threw themselves at her feet, begging for pardon”             41
  “They circled together, dressed in the vivid colors of the
          rainbow”                                                    57
  “A glimmering figure sitting on a high cliff”                      106
  “Turning around, he saw a radiantly beautiful woman near him”      130


      _Also eleven drawings in black and white introducing the chapters._




                           THE MOON PRINCESS




                               CHAPTER I
                HOW THE MOON PRINCESS CAME TO THE EARTH


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]

The heavens were a stainless blue, and the Moon shone out of them
arrayed in silvery garments. One by one the sky’s matchless jewels, the
stars, peeped out, studding that great ceiling with flashing
diamond-points, until the whole dome was a glittering mass of blue and
silver. The Ocean below seemed a big mirror, made to catch and reflect
the bewildering beauty above, for, shimmering softly, he carried in his
shining depths all those myriad lights.

Calm and majestic the Moon glided over her star-studded pathway; but, in
spite of her glorious beauty and brilliancy, she was really sad and sick
at heart. Ethelda, her best beloved, the youngest and dearest of her
children, had just made a request the granting of which caused her that
night bitterest sorrow.

There was an old custom among the Moon maidens that on her marriage each
one of them might ask whatever she most desired, and the thing which she
asked could not be denied her. Now, Ethelda of the starry eyes and the
shining spun-gold hair had asked a fearful gift at her mother’s hands.
She was betrothed to the Sun Prince Dorion, a handsome youth, strong of
limb, and a goodly sight to look upon, and he had long loved her. He had
seen this dainty maiden in all her varying moods, so he knew her well.
Sometimes, with her Moon maidens merrily engaged at play, she romped
happy as a child; or later, with the stately tread of a young princess,
she came and went in her big white palace. She often wore a pale blue
gown with silver trimmings, and a crown of flashing stars upon her head,
and then it was the brilliantly beautiful girl looked the daughter of
the skies.

Prince Dorion had watched the slender maiden until every strand of her
glittering hair was dear to his heart. Later his father’s golden chariot
brought him daily to her palace.

How Ethelda loved to watch him as he drove the fiery steeds with a
master’s hands, guiding them surely and steadily to her palace gates! He
was the finest of the Sun God’s sons, and Ethelda’s heart beat proudly
as she looked upon her chosen one. The Moon Mother was happy too, in her
daughter’s choice, and all would have been well in the wedding
festivities save for Ethelda’s unheard-of request. How the Moon hated to
grant it! But she had reasoned with Ethelda long and patiently without
effect. For the wilful little Princess was bent upon this mad whim.
“Alas! no good can come of it,” sighed the Moon heavily, and she gazed
down sadly upon the Earth as she spoke. “No good can come of it,” she
repeated. “What could have possessed the child to want it?”

For Ethelda had asked no less than this: to visit the Earth and spend
her honeymoon there!

The young Sun Prince, though at first reluctant to take his beautiful
bride upon such a wild trip, had finally yielded to her persuasions, and
now, being won by her tender pleadings, was as anxious to go as she.

But the Moon Mother had no such faith in the foolish journey. Her mind
misgave her, and as she swung around the great circle in celestial
glory, her heart grew tremulous with fear for her daughter’s safety. The
request must be granted: that she knew; but she was devoutly thankful
for a wise law requiring a Moon maiden to revisit her own home yearly.
At most, then, they could stay but a twelvemonth upon the Earth. Reason
as she would, however, the Queen Mother’s heart was heavy, for with the
daughter upon the Earth the mother’s happiness would be gone. But the
maiden’s joy at the consent consoled her somewhat, and with an unselfish
mother’s love the Queen determined to hide her own grief and make the
wedding trip a brilliant and a joyous one.

Prince Dorion came with a great retinue of knights, all dressed in
shining gold wrought in the Sun’s fiery furnace, and bringing wonderful
jewels to his bride. The Moon Queen, not to be outdone in magnificence,
showered silver in plenty upon them both, and bade one hundred of her
loveliest maidens accompany the bridal pair upon their journey.

The wedding was so brilliant that the skies grew bright as day, and the
splendor was reflected for many miles across the heavens. When the
ceremony was over, the bride, in shining white and silver garments, came
forth from the circle of her bridesmaids to bid her mother farewell.

Long-limbed and graceful was this daughter of the skies. Her finely cut
features showed her high-bred race. Her blond hair hung in yellow masses
to her knees, while her tender blue eyes, looking smilingly upon her
mother’s face, were radiant with happiness. Gliding swiftly forward she
reached the throne, and there, sinking on her knees, she begged her
mother’s blessing.

Very tenderly the Queen watched her graceful child approach and kneel,
and then leaning forward she raised her to her breast and showered
caresses upon her.

“Ethelda, best beloved,” she began, “stay not beyond your allotted time
upon the Earth. My heart misgives me when I think of your departure, and
will be heavy until you return. But see, my daughter, I have provided
for your safety as best I can, and you may come back to me whenever you
choose.” So saying, she drew the bride gently toward the window of her
white palace, and there, looking down, Ethelda saw a wonderful sight
indeed. A beautiful shimmering ladder of moonlight stretched in infinite
splendor down to the Earth. Whichever way she looked, the majestic sweep
of that brilliant ladder was before her. It reached the Ocean, whose
gigantic waves of foaming white rose to meet it, and it quivered in
dazzling glory upon the green-clad forests of the land.

Ethelda was amazed and delighted at the wonderful sight, and throwing
her arms around her mother’s neck, she poured forth her gratitude in
loving words. “We will return soon, sweet mother,” she whispered
tenderly; “those shining steps will lead us safely back to you.” Then,
as her husband joined them, she stepped forward smilingly to greet him,
saying she was ready.

One hundred of the Sun Prince’s knights, in trappings of gold made by
the Sun himself, and with bright shades of crimson trimmings, joined
them as she spoke. Ethelda’s maidens, in their glittering dresses of
whitest silver, followed; and joining hands with the knights, began
their magnificent wedding march to the Earth.

Never was there a more kingly sight. Preceding the bride and bridegroom,
the gay cavalcade descended the glorious ladder of silver beams. Step by
step they wandered down the moonglade toward the Earth, and the Moon,
smiling lovingly at them, sighed again heavily as she spread her bright
pathway of silver before them.

Now, the Earth knew of their coming, and she determined to give them a
welcome befitting their high and mighty rank. She already owed a great
debt to the Sun King, for it was his shining rays that warmed and
nourished her and made her fruitful. Most of her splendid fertility was
due to the warmth of the Sun. So she invited the whole world to meet the
bridal party, giving a grand ball in their honor.

Her invitations were taken by the winds and swiftly carried to the four
corners of the globe. Hundreds of noble personages were asked to meet
the distinguished strangers, and all came to do them honor, bringing
cordial greetings and invitations to visit the different parts of the
world.

The night of the ball had come. The Earth, resplendent in jewels,
awaited the arrival of her guests. The forest back of them was aglitter
with lights, for all the glow-worms and fireflies had been summoned for
the occasion, and for days they had been decorating the trees. An
orchestra of birds sang delicious music, and overhead the sky was
spangled with twinkling stars gazing in silent wonderment upon the
Earth’s splendor.

By the side of the Earth Queen stood Prince Dorion. His suit of pure
gold shone like the Sun himself, and next to him was his beautiful
bride, the Moon Princess. She was dressed in white garments embroidered
in silver, and she was certainly a charming vision. Her gleaming yellow
hair was caught back from her forehead with a crown of flashing stars.
Her clear blue eyes, with their deep sky tints, were dancing in lights
as brilliant as her star crown itself.

First came the Earth’s eldest son, the Ocean King, to greet them. The
Sea was a mass of fire with gleaming phosphorus, and King Ocean and his
mermaid daughters seemed to be floating in red flames as they
approached. The maidens’ long and wonderfully beautiful hair floated
behind them as they swam, and they sang the most entrancing songs. They
bore an invitation to Prince Dorion and his bride to visit them in their
marine home. And this invitation was at once accepted by the strangers.
Another invitation, accepted at once, came from Prince Dorion’s only
sister, Princess Kuldah, who lived upon the Earth with her husband. Many
more charming invitations were given them, but of course it was
impossible to accept them all.

At last one distinguished-looking person strode forward, small of
stature and ugly to look upon. His body was dwarfed, and he had a big
hump on his back. His face was dark and glowering, and he wore a suit of
yellow leaves. All the guests moved aside to let him pass, as though
they feared him. He lived in the vast depths of the forest, amidst huge
mountains; his daily work, with his thousands of imps, was to build
those mountains big and high. Stone by stone he raised them, bleak and
barren, to the clouds. He limped as he walked, and he glared angrily at
the shrinking faces avoiding him; but he gave his invitation to the fair
guests, as the others had done, and bowed low before them as he gave it.

An involuntary shudder ran through the lovely Princess as she heard his
words, and she clung suddenly to her husband in terror, as the black
dwarf’s eyes dwelt admiringly upon her. She felt a cold thrill of fear
at his bold glance.

But Prince Dorion, reassuring her with a tender smile, turned to the
ugly creature, and to the astonishment of the Earth Queen and her court,
replied: “Sir Dwarf, we accept your invitation, and will gladly ride
forth with you whenever our hostess wills. The Sun King, my father, and
her Majesty the Queen of the Moon, have each sent the Earth a gift as a
glad token of our visit here, and we must place our precious gold and
silver deep within the bosom of your great mountains. There will it best
thrive and grow, increasing and benefiting the world.”

The Moon Princess turned very pale when she heard her husband’s reply,
but the black dwarf limped away with a gratified smile upon his ugly
face.




                               CHAPTER II
           HOW THE WEDDING GUESTS VISITED THE CAVES OF OCEAN


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]

The Ocean King and his daughters came early for their guests. They had
driven fast, and their sea-horses were covered with a lather of white
foam. As they came shoreward the rising Sun dyed the sky a brilliant
pink, and for a moment the water caught its color. And then it was
delightful to watch the great rolling waves of the Sea blushing a
delicate rosy shade. Ethelda with Prince Dorion and their friends stood
on the creamy sands awaiting them. The Moon Princess wore a gown to
match her blue eyes, and its exquisite train, embroidered in silver
crescents, hung in heavy folds behind her.

Stepping lightly into the Ocean King’s chariot, Ethelda sat beside him.
Prince Dorion followed, and very soon the whole party were comfortably
seated among the mermaids. Away they started. Some snowy birds, watching
them off, rose suddenly, and outstretching their long white wings,
floated lazily away.

Billions of sapphire waves rolled in to meet them, but the horses sped
easily through, leaving only a broad roadway of foam behind. The shining
sun spread now over the wide expanse, and they seemed to be flying
through golden mists, while their great frothy path glittered in as many
colors as the rainbow. Farther and farther they went, deeper and deeper
grew the rich color of the great deep, until it seemed impossible it
could become bluer. Then slowly that brilliant blue changed, becoming a
clear cool green, the shade of the coldest waters. Not until then did
the Ocean King draw rein, and slowly descending, they finally stopped at
the gates of his palace.

The palace was a wonder to behold. Its walls were built of richest
mother-of-pearl, and shaded from purest white to the most delicate rose.
Its broad staircases and wide halls were all of the same costly
material, while its trimmings and ornamentations were pearls and
diamonds of priceless worth.

 [Illustration: _The Ocean Queen came forth, with her younger children,
                            to greet them._
                                                              (Page 25)]

To keep the white light from dazzling with its splendor, the tall green
seaweeds waved about, lending a delicious, cool shade, like the green
trees on the dry land, so that everything was agreeable to the eye.

The Ocean Queen came forth, with her younger children, to greet them,
and Ethelda thought she had never seen anything so delicately beautiful
as the Queen. Her eyes were clear as crystal pools, and her hair—a
bewildering mass of gold—floated about her, covering her almost
completely. She wore a pale green dress trimmed with magnificent pearls,
and on her head a crown of diamonds. She glided up to the strangers, and
in the softest voice bade them welcome.

A magnificent banquet was served immediately, and then they were shown
the wonders of the sea palace. Rooms filled with costly treasures were
opened; chests of brilliant jewels were examined.

But while the guests were enchanted with so much splendor, the King
explained that to the mermaid kingdom these heaps of diamonds and
emeralds and rubies were really not worth a single piece of coral; for
at these huge coral beds in the bottom of the sea the baby mermaids
received their education. They were taught to swim and play games and
amuse themselves, and later they lent their deft fingers to build and
carve those exquisite mountains of the sea. When the Moon maidens saw
the coral beds, they too shared the mermaids’ belief.

The party were walking through the clear smooth waters, when presently,
ahead, they noticed a slight ruffle, and almost immediately they saw a
long pink line. It was the coral reef. As they approached they saw great
sheets of roaring foam sweep over the slippery coral, and as they passed
by the hissing white wall of foam they saw that the tiny builders had
raised their rose-colored mountains to a great height. The delicate work
was a marvel to see; it was like the weaving of finest lace-work, and
only the smartest of the mermaids were employed to carve the coral beds.

“Can the Earth exhibit greater wonders?” exclaimed Prince Dorion.

“We think not,” answered the Ocean King; “but perhaps it is because we
love our home so much. We have many more wonderful things we could show
you, but our time is limited, and we can only briefly display our
favorites.”

Turning, he took from the hand of one of his daughters a beautiful
shell. Creamy and shining like satin was the outside of the curving
piece of mother-of-pearl, but its lovely lining was as pink as a
rose-leaf. Presenting it to Ethelda, the King bade her keep it to remind
her of her visit to his dwelling. “This beautiful shell, fair Princess,”
continued the King, “shares with the mermaid kingdom its great love of
home, and it carries deep in its heart the sound of the waves. It will
never lose it. No matter where it goes or how long it stays, if you but
hold it to your ear it will speak to you of us. For the deep musical
sound of the waves will always be heard singing within its depths.”

Ethelda, delighted, thanked him for the charming gift, which she
gratefully accepted. Then continuing their walk, they arrived at the
door of a handsome palace, where the Ocean King’s only sister lived. She
was called the Princess Sea Foam, and her palace was built entirely of
pearls. Great oysters were constantly employed making these pearls for
her, and day after day they opened their wide mouths and deposited fresh
beauties at her doors. Her apartments were very elegant and all in
white, and the Ocean King’s guests were especially astonished at the
magnificence of the Princess’s clothes. She was very beautiful, for her
skin was clear and white and her features delicate and pretty. She was
small of stature, and looked more like a fairy than a mermaid, but her
dress amazed them by its beauty. It was snow-white, and was studded with
the largest and purest diamonds they had ever seen. Even her hair was
covered with precious stones, and wherever she moved, sparkles of light
burst forth. When she approached closer they discovered that the shining
jewels were not really diamonds at all, but clear and brilliant
raindrops!

The Princess Sea Foam was in reality also the Rain Princess. Her duty
was to lie frequently upon the top of the waves and travel about,
watching the dry land and the sky. Often one sees the broad blue waters
flecked with white specks; then one knows that Sea Foam and her
companions, in their white dresses, are watching the world, to determine
when rain is needed. It is a great responsibility for such a tiny
Princess, but she has guided her millions of followers wisely, and the
Earth is well pleased with her lovely daughter’s work.

They make the precious raindrops and then store them away in a big room
in the pearl palace. When rain is needed the doors are opened and the
skies absorb the moisture. The heavens fill with clouds,—at first
glorious, shining masses, lying against the blue sky as white and foamy
as the Princess herself on the blue waves, but later, gathering force,
they darken to a gray or black, and fall upon the Earth in a shower of
glittering drops. Over and over again must Sea Foam do this wonderful
work, but it is a work of joy, because she loves those glittering drops
of shining water.

The Sun warms the world and gives it heat, but the Ocean must cool and
freshen it with raindrops; for all the rain that falls from the skies
must first be gathered on the Earth, and this responsibility rests on
the Ocean King’s sister, dainty little Sea Foam.




                              CHAPTER III
            HOW THE FAIRIES WERE CHANGED INTO MOCKING-BIRDS


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]

They were most reluctant to leave the beautiful world under the water,
but the Sun Prince and the Moon Princess must keep their engagements,
and there were many journeyings for them yet. The Ocean King had kept
them as long as possible in his dominions, but now he felt obliged to
let them go, and so regretfully bade them adieu.

He had arranged in their travels about his strange and wonderful
possessions to land them in a beautiful southern country. From this spot
they would travel north toward the Valley of Enchantment, to visit the
Sun Princess, that lovely sister of Prince Dorion who was making her
home in this world. They all looked forward with much pleasure to this
visit; it seemed, in fact, to be one of their chief topics of
conversation, for they naturally desired to see the only sister of
Prince Dorion, who was famous for her great beauty. Now and then,
however, in the midst of their joyous travels, a black shadow seemed to
cross the pretty Moon Princess’s face: it was when she remembered the
promised visit to the black dwarf. Somehow she could not overcome her
horror of him, and was never reconciled to making him a visit.

Reluctantly the company bade adieu to the Ocean King and his charming
family, and rose through the clear, limpid waters of a big Gulf. It was
a beautiful sight that met their eyes as they came to the surface in the
open sunlight. A wonderful land lay before them. Its shores were shaded
with spreading branches of magnificent live-oak trees which grew down to
the water’s edge, planting their splendid trunks in the very midst of
the curving line of yellow sand. Farther back pink crêpe-myrtles, yellow
acacias, and white Spanish daggers were scattered, and a long row of
pecan-trees kept dozens of chattering squirrels busy. Cherokee roses
bloomed in thousands, their yellow hearts showing in brilliant contrast
to their dazzling white petals. “How beautiful this country is!” said
the Princess, and every one echoed her words.

As they landed they were greeted by the Sun Princess’s messenger, who
would guide them northward to the Valley of Enchantment. This guide
belonged to the company of Sun people who had accompanied the Sun
Princess to her new home. He proved a charming companion indeed, for he
knew everything about the countries through which they passed, and in
their travels told them many interesting facts. They learned that they
were in a southern land, on the borders of a great Gulf. They could see,
beside the live-oaks, some superb trees growing to great heights,—trees
with great long green leaves, holding big creamy blossoms that opened
like white chalices to catch the sun. One tree especially stood out in
magnificent strength. Its rough old trunk was enormous and knotted with
age, and its broad branches spread out protectingly covered with big
waxen leaves. The great tree had a dignity about it that fascinated the
Princess. As the little company walked nearer to examine it, they
noticed how the grass—soft as velvet—stretched away like a green carpet
toward the yellow marsh beyond. The nearer they came to the tree the
bigger the tree looked, and they found a round hollow in one side the
trunk, where a squirrel had hidden his nuts. “It is a magnolia-tree,”
the guide replied, in answer to their questions, “and there are many
thousands like it scattered through this southern country.”

At that moment a sound rose upon the air, so soft and exquisite in its
melody that they held their breath to listen. It came from the branches
of the tree, and was a song of welcome from the mocking-birds. In a
moment a thousand of these little feathered songsters had joined the
chorus. Their notes rang out joyously, for they warbled and trilled in
an ecstasy of delight until the strangers thought they had never heard a
more beautiful concert. Then suddenly, while the Moon Princess listened
entranced, the music ceased as abruptly as it had begun. They heard a
flutter of soft wings, and saw above their heads a flock of tiny birds.
The birds were lovely,—a soft gray in color, with a splash of white on
the wings and tail, and as they flew away and disappeared in the
distance all became silent again.

What a silence it was! Not a sound broke the stillness. The brilliant
sunshine danced along the ground like little sparks of fire, but not a
leaf stirred. It grew warm. The blue gulf lay like a sheet of glass in a
sort of golden mist. The heat was intense; it seemed to shimmer in a
yellow haze over everything; and then suddenly a little movement broke
the profound stillness. It came from the green-eyed, red-throated
lizards as they ran through the grass. They stopped to watch the
strangers wonderingly, but as the Moon Princess moved slightly, the
timid little creatures, affrighted, took the color of the leaf on which
they were, and lay as motionless as death!

Then the Princess spoke softly: “This world is very wonderful; I have
never seen so many bewildering things before.”

As they resumed their journey the guide told them the history of the
bird.

“The mocking-bird is really the southern fairy, you know,” he began,
“and the entrancing song it sings is only the story of its life. It
tells the tale over and over again, in a delicious burst of song; as the
little children alone understand the fairies’ speech, I cannot tell all
it says, but I will repeat exactly what I have heard. Once upon a time
there dwelt in the midst of that great magnolia grove we have just left
a band of fairies. They were the lightest-hearted and happiest little
band in the world, and they had just celebrated a splendid marriage. One
of their most beautiful Princesses had married a nephew of the Queen. He
was as handsome as his bride was beautiful, and everything went merry as
a marriage bell. Now, Prince Adelstan, in spite of his high rank and
station, was always playing some prank upon some one, but his tricks
were generally good-natured, and the fairies seemed to love him the
better for his fun; he was, indeed, a great favorite with them all. Now,
when he married the dignified and beautiful Princess Verdande, every one
predicted that he would become more sober, and, as a married man, put
aside his boyish manners.

“It really seemed just about as they prophesied. Of course, a fairy’s
life is a brilliant round of pleasure, but Prince Adelstan seemed
contented to travel the world over with his lovely wife and act just as
all well-behaved fairies should. The little people were all delighted,
of course, with the change in their favorite, and said among themselves
he was even more attractive than ever. In reality Prince Adelstan was so
absorbed in a plan he was forming for himself and bride that he had no
time to think of playing foolish pranks on others. Fairies, as you know,
are free to do exactly as they please, except for one rule, and that
rule can never be broken. Their life must be lived at night, amid
moonshine and starlight, and then they pass many gladsome hours
together; from dusk until dawn they are the merriest little people in
the world. But at the first streak of light every fairy must
vanish,—under a leaf, in the heart of a rose, behind a dewdrop, the
fairy may hide; but hide he must, and there remain sleeping until
darkness again falls upon the world. This rule in Fairyland has been
enforced for centuries, and no one, however brave, has had the hardihood
to break it. Sometimes (but very rarely), on a day when the Sun does not
shine and the Earth is covered with a white veil of mist, a fairy can
peep out, but he must be extremely careful that he is only in the mist,
for he must never see a ray of sunshine for a moment.

“Well, can you imagine what Prince Adelstan decided to do? He determined
upon a terribly rash thing, and planned it for months. He lay awake
thinking of it, for in his excitement he could not sleep. He whispered
it at last to his beautiful bride, who trembled in his arms as she
listened. She was horrified at first, and pleaded with him to give up
his rash plan; but he was bent upon it, and after weeks of pleading from
him, she finally yielded and consented to help him. Together they
decided to elude the fairies and break the law; for their rash
determination was no less than this—to see the Sun rise.

“Night after night they discussed it, and one beautiful moonlight one,
when they had danced until dawn, and the other fairies, exhausted, had
slipped into the hearts of the magnolia blossoms to sleep, Prince
Adelstan and Princess Verdande stole carefully down to the waters of the
Gulf, and, breathless with curiosity, awaited the coming of the Sun.

“Never shall they forget that morning. The waters of the Gulf looked
steely gray in the first faint light of dawn. A pearly white mist was
lifting slowly from them, and melting as it lifted. The little bride
caught her breath with admiration as the cold steel-gray of the water
slowly changed into a delicate, warm pink, for the Gulf, like a great
mirror, was reflecting all the lights in the sky. The sea-shell pink of
the faint dawn heralded the approach of the Sun. Gradually the delicate
coloring grew a deeper rose, until the white clouds overhead seemed dyed
in crimson. The waters lay still and silent; hardly a ripple disturbed
their serenity. Presently long, piercing rays crept across the sky,
while all the colors of the rainbow seemed to blend and mix together.
Gradually the world grew brighter and brighter. Then suddenly out of the
shining water rose a great red ball of fire! The Princess clung to her
husband, for, beautiful as it was, she was surprised and frightened. The
Sun mounted slowly into the sky, casting his brilliant rays across the
heavens, and at the same time great slanting streaks of yellow beams
danced before their bewildered eyes. The waters of the Gulf were
marvellous to see, for they glistened like millions of flashing
diamonds. The two fairies stood amazed at the magnificent sight before
them, for even Fairyland has nothing more beautiful than the sunrise.

“Presently a flock of white sea-gulls rose shrieking from the sands, and
Prince Adelstan and his wife (startled by the sudden noise, and abashed
by their terrible disobedience) tried to hide behind a blade of grass.
Alas! what was their horror to discover that they could not. They had
grown much larger, and they realized in despair that they could no
longer hide under the flowers; their wings, too, had disappeared, and
they knew they were banished from Fairyland. Then their sorrow began,
for, try as they did, they could find no trace of their brother and
sister fairies.

“There was a dreamy stillness everywhere, and the flowers were very
tempting in the early morning dew; but alas! those flowers no longer
formed a home for the disobedient fairies. Hand in hand they wandered,
and for miles they stumbled sadly along, until at last they reached the
edge of a great marsh. The green and yellow grasses there were scarcely
moving, and lovely tints were shimmering in a hazy amber splendor. The
unruffled waters of the bayou, as it ran curling around the rushes,
gleamed in spots of silver. The world took on new beauties beneath the
Sun, but the unhappy Princess and her husband could not enjoy them. They
journeyed about in misery until they found the gnarled old
magnolia-tree. They hid themselves in its hollow trunk.

“The fairies, of course, had missed them, and knew perfectly well of
their misfortunes, but the Queen’s heart was hardened against them
because of their dreadful disobedience. However, the band of little
fairies, in spite of all, united in deep sympathy for their erring
brother and sister, and they prayed the Queen to grant them pardon. The
Queen’s heart softened a little at last, for after all the Prince was a
beloved nephew; but even she had not full power to restore them to
Fairyland. The law once broken, full penance must be done; for
disobedience is a dreadful crime in Fairyland.

[Illustration: “_They threw themselves at her feet, begging for pardon_.”
                                                              (Page 41)]

“Late one night, when the Moon was high in the blue sky, and the world
was flooded with silver, when the bright stars flashed out like millions
of dancing points of fire, the two unhappy culprits crept out from the
hollow of the magnolia-tree. The fairies were holding high festival,
feasting on rose-leaves and drinking the dew from tiny acorn cups.
Thousands of them were dancing in and out of the moonlight, and their
bright wings flashed gold and silver lights wherever they moved. Their
wands, too, sparkled and glittered as if they were on fire. The exiled
Prince and Princess gazed sadly upon it all, seeing now fully what they
had lost; but alas! it was too late. They knew quite well their bulky
forms without wings could never again become as light and airy as before
their disobedience. Swiftly, however, they ran forward, and before the
astonished Queen had time to escape, they threw themselves at her feet,
begging for pardon. The Queen frowned as she listened to the story of
their disobedience, and the other fairies shuddered when they heard of
the great crime. Still, her Majesty loved her nephew and his bride, and
her heart was heavy as she heard the sad tale. The Queen was unusually
handsome that night, and seated on a throne of moss-rose buds, she
seemed very far above the culprits at her feet. Her white-and-silver
dress sparkled brilliantly against the bright pink of the rosebuds, and
the green leaves about them were so covered with dew that they seemed to
be made of frosted silver.

“‘Alas! my dear children,’ she began sadly, ‘I have not the power to
make you fairies again. You have lost Fairyland forever by your act of
disobedience. Once banished, you cannot be recalled; beside, were it
possible for me to admit you again to Fairyland, you would never be
happy with us again. You have seen the glorious sunrise once, and
nothing in Fairyland is so beautiful. You would constantly long for that
magnificent sight again. But,’ she added thoughtfully, ‘perhaps I can
render you perfectly happy in some other form upon the Earth, and in
this way restore your contentment.’

“Tremblingly Prince Adelstan and his bride bade her change them, for,
miserable as they were, they knew she spoke the truth. They would never
be happy in Fairyland again; they would always long to see the sunrise.
Then silence fell upon them all, as the Queen slowly raised her
glittering wand.

“Presently there arose upon the stillness of the night a most glorious
sound. It was the mocking-bird raising its voice in thanksgiving and
praise for happiness found again. Again and again those delicious sounds
floated out on the air, filling the night with sweetness, until the very
fairies stood breathless to listen. It seemed marvellous that so much
sweetness of sound could be contained in such a tiny body; but the
little songsters trilled and sang in glorious delight.

“Only in this land of sunshine and magnolias will you find this
wonderful bird. It never wanders far from the Gulf. It flourishes best
amid the magnolias, and it fills the southern woods with music. It sings
at all hours; at night, when the Moon is looking kindly down upon the
Earth, and the Earth is serenely smiling to the Moon, its clear notes
ring out joyously, until even the stars from their glittering palaces
lean down to listen. But it is at the witching hour of dawn that the
most wonderful of its melodies is heard. Then it awakens to watch again
that miracle of the world, the mystery of the rising Sun, and as the
golden spears of light streak the heavens, cutting away the white veil
of mist and coloring the skies with rainbow hues, its glorious voice
rings out and floods the world with music; for at that hour the
mocking-bird is telling over and over again the story of that
magnificent sight—the sunrise.”




                               CHAPTER IV
                    THE LITTLE DWELLERS IN THE MARSH


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]

As the guide finished his charming description of the southern
nightingale, he pointed out to them the marsh. It was a strange-looking
place, and Ethelda asked many questions concerning it. Why was it
dangerous to cross? Why must they skirt the marsh and go around it, as
they were doing? It was much the shorter way to cut right across it, but
instead, they walked miles out of their way to reach the other side.
Their guide assured them that the marsh was not so charming as it
looked. Down amid its dark cypresses, where the jagged palmetto fans and
latanier grew, and where the tall rushes and reeds were so fine that,
swaying softly under the breeze, they looked like moving water, but
water dyed in emerald and topaz tints—lurked many dangers. Rattlesnakes
and toads and deadly insects made it their home, and the ground was all
a quagmire, so that stepping on it they would sink deep in mud and
slime, and perhaps die there.

“Oh,” said the Princess, “how awful! Does nothing nice live there? Those
beautiful tiger-lilies and big purple passion-flowers bloom so
charmingly, surely there must be something there to enjoy them.”

“Well,” answered the guide, “the birds frequently nest there, and the
great pelicans and cranes hide in it; but beside them there are only
three respectable families that I know of who ever enter it.”

“Who are they?” asked Ethelda, deeply interested at once.

“Why, the first family I mean,” replied the Sun messenger, “is the
Crayfish family. Deep down in the black slime live this family, who
delight in digging and burrowing in the mud. They live in very black
dirt, but a happier family it would be hard to find. They are splendid
little housekeepers, too, and spend most of their mornings in their own
homes, trying to build up and beautify their houses, and they never
meddle with any one else. Any time of day you can see their bright eyes
peering out of their mud windows wonderingly. The Crayfish babies are
very tiny, and are carefully and tenderly watched. They never are
allowed to play with others, and cannot leave their mother’s side a
single minute until they are five years old. Indeed, they hold on to her
sides until that age. By that time they are considered grown, and can
care for themselves and choose their own friends. On this account,
perhaps, the Crayfishes don’t visit much, because with a dozen children
clinging to her the mother is hardly a welcome guest anywhere; the
Crayfishes have few friends in consequence. The Mud-Turtles, I believe,
are about their only callers, and only through them do they occasionally
hear of the outside world.”

“How comical!” laughed a pretty Moon maiden. “Now tell us about the
other families.”

“The head of the other family,” said the guide, “is very interesting
indeed. He is a queer little animal called Opossum; he looks like a rat,
but is larger than a cat. He spends the day lazily, sleeping among the
foliage of trees, or in hollows of their trunks or boughs. His fur is
nearly black, but little white patches about his face give him a most
wise appearance. He brought his family, consisting of a wife and sixteen
small babies, and started housekeeping on the edge of the swamp. The
babies are not as big as mice, but they are the sweetest little furry
things you ever saw. They cuddle up so nicely together, and just wait to
be fed. Of course Mother ’Possum has her hands pretty full watching and
caring for sixteen small children, so it devolves on the father to
provide food for them; and every night he runs around the country
looking for something to eat. He is really a devoted father, but he is
not fond of work; and how to feed a wife and sixteen babies without work
is a very hard problem to solve. So I am sorry to tell you Mr. ’Possum
often steals his food, that being the easiest way to get it, and nothing
appeals to him so strongly as a tender young chicken.

“Now, the third family dwelling in the marsh are the Raccoons. Mrs.
’Possum has a great contempt for this same neighbor of hers, and they
are not on very friendly terms. Mrs. ’Possum is a splendid housekeeper,
but Mrs. Raccoon cares nothing at all about her home. True, she builds
her house carefully in the topmost branches of a tree, but having done
that, she considers her duty ended, and seldom occupies it. ‘Any old
place is good enough to sleep in,’ she says; and just so she can find a
spot with water enough to moisten her food before eating it, she is
content. Therefore she wanders around, with the little Raccoons,
anywhere and everywhere, and when they get tired they just creep under
some old log and go to sleep. Of course Mother ’Possum, with her strict
ideas of housekeeping, thinks this careless habit no way to live or to
bring up children; but whenever Mrs. ’Possum reproaches Mrs. Raccoon
with being a slipshod housekeeper and a gadabout, Mrs. Raccoon
invariably replies, ‘Have you ever noticed how soft and fine my fur is,
and how many beautiful rings I wear on my tail?’—for she is awfully
vain. Then she flourishes her tail around, and whisking about, shows off
the pretty black and white rings she carries, to the best possible
advantage, until Mrs. ’Possum in disgust sends all the little ’Possums
scurrying away, fearing lest they become vain and worldly like the
Raccoons. But with the exception of the Raccoons and the Crayfishes, the
Opossum family own the big yellow and green marsh.”




                               CHAPTER V
                          THE RAINBOW SISTERS


                      [Illustration: (unlabelled)]

As the guide messenger told all these tales of the marsh, the Moon
Princess and her companions noticed they were gradually leaving the
southern land; for of course such wonderful beings as Moon Princesses
and messengers of Sun Princesses travel much faster than mortals, and
they were travelling rapidly. They seemed to be in the midst of a
charming forest of long, cool shadows and crystal springs.

“What place is this?” asked Prince Dorion, stopping to admire the long,
cool vista of trees ahead.

“O, this,” replied the guide carelessly,—“this forest was once the abode
of the Rainbow Sisters.”

“Who were they?” innocently inquired a dainty Moon maiden, tripping
lightly along.

“Would you like to hear about them?” asked the guide.

“O, yes,” replied all the Moon maidens in chorus, “do tell us all about
them.”


“Once upon a time, in a charming country, a delightful people lived. The
skies were clear as crystal, and the Sun shone brightly out of them.
Great palm groves grew green and beautiful, and curious flowers sprang
up in marvellous bits of color. There was a strange and fascinating
beauty about this land. Even the rocky hills edging the big broad desert
that stretched for miles away, barren of the smallest green blade of
grass to make them pretty, were not ugly. Yellow as gold they sparkled
in the bright sunshine, rich and mellow against the paler sand beyond.
The country lay near a large blue sea, and through its many cities ran a
splendid shining river. Now, every one of the clear, cool drops of this
smiling stream was precious as diamonds to the people, for, beautiful as
their land was (and it was superb with its splendid mosques and temples
and rich with jewels and carvings), it lacked one thing that the rest of
the world enjoyed,—never a drop of rain fell there.

“For more years than you could count, the trees and the flowers had
never tasted a cool sweet drink from the skies. The heavens were always
blue and clear, for the Sun shone brilliantly out of them every day.
Sometimes a cloud might form, but if it did, it floated by white as the
foam on the sea, never dark or black.

“Now, you may think that golden sunshine and blue skies are very lovely
things to possess, but the people tired of having them all the time.
They felt that a nice shower of rain occasionally, even if it came out
of an ugly black cloud, would be better than all the pink and violet and
green shades of their clear heavens. The only thing that saved their
trees and their gardens from burning up as in the dry heat of the
desert, and that gave them water, was the glorious big river flowing by.
No wonder, then, they loved and prized its drops. Broad and long, it ran
through the country, and curled in silver splashes about the banks.
Twice every year it overflowed, and then, with feasting and joy, they
caught it in pools and canals dug to hold and preserve the precious
liquid. In this way they kept the gardens green and lovely, but oh, the
work was so hard! Thousand of poor slaves labored day and night to
accomplish it. The kind-hearted king offered a big reward to any one who
would devise some way to make rain fall in his country, and many wise
men spent days and nights studying over the great question. Big trees
were planted to catch and draw the moisture, and many other means were
tried, but in spite of all these doings the clouds sailed by, as fleecy
and white as snow.

“So things went on for many years, and still no rain ever came. Now, the
king had an only son, to whom he was perfectly devoted. The child was
very beautiful, and was also wise, as a prince should be. It was a
common thing to see the handsome little fellow standing in the midst of
a grave council of men, listening to their words of wisdom. He never
seemed to tire of their long discussions, and would remain, solemn and
silent, among them, instead of playing with the children about him. Thus
he grew in wisdom and strength to manhood, but he was seldom seen at the
court balls and festivals, preferring to wander about among the
beautiful mosques of his father’s city, or to stand on one of their
daintily carved minarets and gaze across the yellow sands of the desert.
Often he would remain thus for hours, and though his eyes were looking
far out over the appalling yet wonderful beauty of the desert, his
thoughts were always only of how he might solve the riddle of his
country, and bring it the cool drops of rain it so earnestly wanted.
This one idea absorbed him utterly, he could think literally of nothing
else, for he noticed with sorrow how terribly hard his father’s slaves
toiled to carry the precious water from the river when they tilled the
ground.

“One day, shortly after he was grown, he was sitting beneath the shadow
of a great pyramid, and was planning and musing on the one question
always uppermost in his mind. The day was warm; the desert around him
shimmered in a golden haze. The yellow hills were so bright beneath the
noonday sun that his eyes fairly ached as he watched them, and it was a
relief to turn from their glittering lights toward the cool, flowing
river, and watch a fringe of feathery, waving palms. ‘Oh, for the dark
shadow of a cloud,’ he murmured, ‘to soften all this glare!’

 [Illustration: “_They circled together, dressed in the vivid colors of
                             the rainbow._”
                                                              (Page 57)]

“He had not spoken aloud, and yet he heard a musical sound as though in
answer to his wish. He turned quickly, and saw a wonderful sight. The
desert had disappeared, and he was looking into a shadowy green forest,
with crystal springs. Clear, limpid streams of water ran through the
woods, and beautiful flowers were blooming. Farther along in the
distance he saw a big mountain, dark and gray, and yet all about its
sides grew pretty green ferns. Looking closely, he observed that there
was an opening in its side, and through this opening came the music of a
flute. As he watched more closely he saw a lovely maiden come slowly
forth. She was dressed in a brilliant gown of orange color, and her
flowing robes floated softly about her. Her hair hung in waves of gold,
and on her forehead flashed a beautiful star. In her hand she carried a
wand, but the wand was so curious that he forgot the beauty of the
maiden in noticing it. It was long and slender, and seemed to be made of
pure gold and laden with jewels; but it was not this wealth of
glistening gold that attracted him, it was a curious cloud of white mist
that curled and floated away from it each time that she waved it aloft.
He had never seen anything so peculiar before. Each white cloud that
floated away nestled among the hollow places in the hills like a thin
veil, or hovered over the babbling streams in the forest. While he was
watching the mysterious cloudlets from the magical wand, a second
maiden, more beautiful than the first, followed, dressed in a pale blue
gown, and having, like the first, a brilliant star on her forehead. She
also carried a jewel-laden wand, and it sent forth similar mysterious
white clouds. Then came a third, dressed in a brilliant red; and
another, in soft green; and still another, in charming violet; and so
on, until seven beautiful creatures stood together, dressed in the seven
vivid colors of the rainbow. They formed a ring, and slowly moved
together in a circle about an open space before the mountain. Lightly
stepping, thus they danced, always in a circle, and always gazing
intently toward the opening in the mountain through which they had come.

“Presently, as they gazed expectantly, Prince Asgard saw coming toward
them the most exquisite creature he had ever beheld. She was tall and
slender, and her graceful form seemed to dance along rather than walk.
She was dressed in some soft, clinging material of pure white, shading
to a glittering silver, and the girdle confining her waist looked like a
bit of the blue sky itself, it was so dainty. Her hair was like that of
the other maidens, and looked like spun gold, and it was so fine that it
glistened wonderfully as she moved. Her slippers were pale blue, and
embroidered with silver threads. A brilliant star on each slipper
flashed like a big diamond as she danced along. A tiny golden crown held
her hair in place, and seven glittering stars encircled her head. Her
wand was of frosted silver, and as she waved it, the soft vapor rolled
away in white clouds, as it did before the wands of the other maidens.
As she appeared, the seven other maidens broke into a song of gladness,
singing in a clear, high tone these words:—

  Little Sister, fair and dear,
  Born of seven colors clear,
  Welcome! In our round of pleasure
  You’re to us the dearest treasure;
  Out into the world we’ll send
  Mist and clouds of white that blend.

The silver maid replied, singing:—

  Dearest sisters of my race,
  I come forth to your embrace;
  Faithful, tender, always true,
  Shall my love be unto you.

Then they all danced a wonderful dance while singing together:—

  Let the foaming clouds on high
  Fall in raindrops from the sky;
  Let the lightning’s fire flash,
  Come, with thunder’s awful crash!
  Let the cooling rains thus sink,
  Giving earth her crystal drink!

“As they moved together in graceful steps and in perfect rhythm to the
music of the song, Prince Asgard saw a wonderful arch or bow form across
the cloudlets that had arisen from their wands. It was a magnificent
rainbow, and each of the seven distinct colors was matched in shade by a
dress worn by one of the maidens. Their flowing draperies blended
bewitchingly and mixed together in pretty confusion as they danced,
making thus a complete circle of rainbow colors. It was an exquisite
sight, and the Prince marvelled at it, and wondered what it all meant.
Presently the maiden who had first appeared, and who seemed to be the
eldest and the leader of the sisters, waved her wand aloft and
